test_result.md, before:

#====================================================================================================
# START - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================

# THIS SECTION CONTAINS CRITICAL TESTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR BOTH AGENTS
# BOTH MAIN_AGENT AND TESTING_AGENT MUST PRESERVE THIS ENTIRE BLOCK

# Communication Protocol:
# If the `testing_agent` is available, main agent should delegate all testing tasks to it.
#
# You have access to a file called `test_result.md`. This file contains the complete testing state
# and history, and is the primary means of communication between main and the testing agent.
#
# Main and testing agents must follow this exact format to maintain testing data. 
# The testing data must be entered in yaml format Below is the data structure:
# 
## user_problem_statement: {problem_statement}
## backend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.py"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## frontend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.js"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## metadata:
##   created_by: "main_agent"
##   version: "1.0"
##   test_sequence: 0
##   run_ui: false
##
## test_plan:
##   current_focus:
##     - "Task name 1"
##     - "Task name 2"
##   stuck_tasks:
##     - "Task name with persistent issues"
##   test_all: false
##   test_priority: "high_first"  # or "sequential" or "stuck_first"
##
## agent_communication:
##     -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##     -message: "Communication message between agents"

# Protocol Guidelines for Main agent
#
# 1. Update Test Result File Before Testing:
#    - Main agent must always update the `test_result.md` file before calling the testing agent
#    - Add implementation details to the status_history
#    - Set `needs_retesting` to true for tasks that need testing
#    - Update the `test_plan` section to guide testing priorities
#    - Add a message to `agent_communication` explaining what you've done
#
# 2. Incorporate User Feedback:
#    - When a user provides feedback that something is or isn't working, add this information to the relevant task's status_history
#    - Update the working status based on user feedback
#    - If a user reports an issue with a task that was marked as working, increment the stuck_count
#    - Whenever user reports issue in the app, if we have testing agent and task_result.md file so find the appropriate task for that and append in status_history of that task to contain the user concern and problem as well 
#
# 3. Track Stuck Tasks:
#    - Monitor which tasks have high stuck_count values or where you are fixing same issue again and again, analyze that when you read task_result.md
#    - For persistent issues, use websearch tool to find solutions
#    - Pay special attention to tasks in the stuck_tasks list
#    - When you fix an issue with a stuck task, don't reset the stuck_count until the testing agent confirms it's working
#
# 4. Provide Context to Testing Agent:
#    - When calling the testing agent, provide clear instructions about:
#      - Which tasks need testing (reference the test_plan)
#      - Any authentication details or configuration needed
#      - Specific test scenarios to focus on
#      - Any known issues or edge cases to verify
#
# 5. Call the testing agent with specific instructions referring to test_result.md
#
# IMPORTANT: Main agent must ALWAYS update test_result.md BEFORE calling the testing agent, as it relies on this file to understand what to test next.

#====================================================================================================
# END - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================



#====================================================================================================
# Testing Data - Main Agent and testing sub agent both should log testing data below this section
#====================================================================================================

user_problem_statement: |
  Build a test series web app for company with frontend in NextJS, Tailwind CSS, TypeScript and backend in NodeJS, TypeScript.
  Features needed:
  1. Admin panel for upload/edit test series 
  2. Teacher interface to upload test series and see student marks
  3. Student interface to select and give test series (like JEE Mains, CUET PG)
  Database: MongoDB
  Authentication: Simple username/password with JWT
  Test Structure: Multiple choice questions only
  Roles: Admin (full control), Teacher (own content), Student (take tests)
  Test Experience: One question per page, review/change answers, auto-submit on time expire, show results immediately

backend:
  - task: "User Authentication System with JWT"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Implemented JWT authentication with login/register endpoints, role-based permissions, and token verification middleware"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Fixed database name issue in .env (DB_NAME=test_series_db). Admin login working (admin/admin123), teacher/student registration working, JWT token verification working, invalid login properly rejected (401), unauthorized access properly blocked (401). All authentication flows working correctly."

  - task: "Test Series CRUD Operations"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created full CRUD API for test series management with role-based access control"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: All CRUD operations working - create, read, update, delete test series. Role-based access working correctly (students can view but not create/modify, teachers can manage their own, admins have full access). Fixed student creation restriction to return proper 403 error."

  - task: "Test Attempts and Scoring System"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Implemented test taking flow with timer, answer submission, auto-submit on timeout, and immediate scoring"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Complete test taking workflow working - start attempt, submit answers, complete test, score calculation (1/3 correct answers scored properly), attempt history retrieval, duplicate attempt prevention (returns 400 for completed tests). Auto-submit on timeout functionality verified in code."

  - task: "User Management API (Admin)"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Added user management endpoints for admin to view all users and create additional admin accounts"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: User management working correctly - admin can view all users (retrieved 8+ users), create new admin accounts, non-admin access properly restricted with 403 error. Fixed role-based access control to return proper error instead of 404."

  - task: "Analytics API"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created analytics endpoints for teachers and admins to view performance metrics"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Analytics working correctly - teachers get their test series analytics (1 test series, 1 attempt), admins get system-wide analytics (9 users, 3 test series), students properly restricted with 403 error. Fixed student access restriction."

  - task: "Database Setup with Default Admin"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/setup-admin.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created setup script and default admin user (username: admin, password: admin123)"

frontend:
  - task: "Authentication UI (Login/Register)"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Built responsive login/register form with role selection and proper error handling"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Fixed critical JavaScript error (variable shadowing in line 998). Authentication working correctly - admin login (admin/admin123) successful, student registration and login working, logout functionality working, invalid login properly rejected with 401 errors. Role-based UI elements display correctly. Alternative admin credentials (prakharshivam0@gmail.com/Admin!@Super@19892005) have authentication issues."

  - task: "Role-based Dashboard System"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created adaptive dashboard that shows different interfaces based on user role (Admin/Teacher/Student)"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Role-based dashboards working perfectly. Admin dashboard shows all 5 tabs (Dashboard, Test Series, Results, Analytics, Users), Student dashboard correctly shows only 2 tabs (Dashboard, Test Series), Teacher dashboard shows 4 tabs (no Users tab). Role badges display correctly (ADMIN, STUDENT, TEACHER). User Management tab accessible only to admins. Navigation between tabs working smoothly."

  - task: "Test Series Management Interface"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Built comprehensive test creation dialog with question management, and CRUD operations for teachers/admins"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Test series management interface working well. Test series display correctly with proper metadata (title, description, category, duration, questions count, created by). Role-based access working - students can view but not create/modify. Create Test Series dialog opens properly with all form fields. Minor: Create Test Series button visibility inconsistent in some test runs, but core functionality works when accessible."

  - task: "Student Test Taking Interface"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created full test taking experience with timer, question navigation, answer persistence, and results display"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Test taking interface implemented and functional. Students can see available test series (3 tests available), test interface loads with proper question display, timer functionality visible, answer selection working with radio buttons, submit test dialog with confirmation working, results display showing score and percentage. Navigation between questions working. Complete test-taking workflow functional from start to results display."

  - task: "Results and Analytics UI"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Implemented results viewing, performance analytics, and user management interfaces"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Results and Analytics UI working correctly. Admin analytics showing system-wide stats (3 test series, 3 total attempts), User Management interface displaying all users with proper role badges and join dates, Results tab accessible to teachers and admins, Analytics tab showing performance metrics. Dashboard cards displaying correct statistics for each role. All UI components rendering properly with responsive design."

metadata:
  created_by: "main_agent"
  version: "1.0"
  test_sequence: 0
  run_ui: false

test_plan:
  current_focus: []
  stuck_tasks: []
  test_all: false
  test_priority: "high_first"

agent_communication:
  - agent: "main"
    message: "Completed initial MVP implementation with full authentication, test management, and test-taking functionality. Created comprehensive backend API with role-based access control and full-featured frontend with responsive UI. Ready for backend testing to verify all API endpoints and functionality."
  - agent: "testing"
    message: "BACKEND TESTING COMPLETE: All major backend functionality is working correctly. Fixed critical database configuration issue (DB_NAME in .env) and improved role-based access control. All API endpoints tested and verified: authentication (JWT), test series CRUD, test attempts with scoring, user management, and analytics. MongoDB connection working, data persistence verified, role-based permissions enforced. Backend is production-ready."
  - agent: "testing"
    message: "FRONTEND TESTING COMPLETE: Fixed critical JavaScript error (variable shadowing in Results component line 998). All major frontend functionality working correctly. Authentication flows tested (login/register/logout), role-based dashboards working perfectly with proper tab visibility, test series management interface functional, complete test-taking workflow operational, responsive design tested (desktop/tablet/mobile), error handling working. Alternative admin credentials (prakharshivam0@gmail.com/Admin!@Super@19892005) have authentication issues but main admin (admin/admin123) works perfectly. Application is production-ready with excellent UI/UX."
  - agent: "main"
    message: "MAJOR ENHANCEMENTS IMPLEMENTED: Added enhanced student login flow (category → teacher selection), teacher photo uploads, CSV bulk upload for test questions, password reset/forgot password functionality, fixed submit button issues, enhanced results with student details, category management system for admins. Updated both backend API and frontend UI with all requested features. Ready for comprehensive testing of new functionality."

Commit message:

auto-commit for f4fc1dd8-2ebe-4b9c-8121-d760caea3e9f

test_result.md, after:

#====================================================================================================
# START - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================

# THIS SECTION CONTAINS CRITICAL TESTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR BOTH AGENTS
# BOTH MAIN_AGENT AND TESTING_AGENT MUST PRESERVE THIS ENTIRE BLOCK

# Communication Protocol:
# If the `testing_agent` is available, main agent should delegate all testing tasks to it.
#
# You have access to a file called `test_result.md`. This file contains the complete testing state
# and history, and is the primary means of communication between main and the testing agent.
#
# Main and testing agents must follow this exact format to maintain testing data. 
# The testing data must be entered in yaml format Below is the data structure:
# 
## user_problem_statement: {problem_statement}
## backend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.py"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## frontend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.js"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## metadata:
##   created_by: "main_agent"
##   version: "1.0"
##   test_sequence: 0
##   run_ui: false
##
## test_plan:
##   current_focus:
##     - "Task name 1"
##     - "Task name 2"
##   stuck_tasks:
##     - "Task name with persistent issues"
##   test_all: false
##   test_priority: "high_first"  # or "sequential" or "stuck_first"
##
## agent_communication:
##     -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##     -message: "Communication message between agents"

# Protocol Guidelines for Main agent
#
# 1. Update Test Result File Before Testing:
#    - Main agent must always update the `test_result.md` file before calling the testing agent
#    - Add implementation details to the status_history
#    - Set `needs_retesting` to true for tasks that need testing
#    - Update the `test_plan` section to guide testing priorities
#    - Add a message to `agent_communication` explaining what you've done
#
# 2. Incorporate User Feedback:
#    - When a user provides feedback that something is or isn't working, add this information to the relevant task's status_history
#    - Update the working status based on user feedback
#    - If a user reports an issue with a task that was marked as working, increment the stuck_count
#    - Whenever user reports issue in the app, if we have testing agent and task_result.md file so find the appropriate task for that and append in status_history of that task to contain the user concern and problem as well 
#
# 3. Track Stuck Tasks:
#    - Monitor which tasks have high stuck_count values or where you are fixing same issue again and again, analyze that when you read task_result.md
#    - For persistent issues, use websearch tool to find solutions
#    - Pay special attention to tasks in the stuck_tasks list
#    - When you fix an issue with a stuck task, don't reset the stuck_count until the testing agent confirms it's working
#
# 4. Provide Context to Testing Agent:
#    - When calling the testing agent, provide clear instructions about:
#      - Which tasks need testing (reference the test_plan)
#      - Any authentication details or configuration needed
#      - Specific test scenarios to focus on
#      - Any known issues or edge cases to verify
#
# 5. Call the testing agent with specific instructions referring to test_result.md
#
# IMPORTANT: Main agent must ALWAYS update test_result.md BEFORE calling the testing agent, as it relies on this file to understand what to test next.

#====================================================================================================
# END - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================



#====================================================================================================
# Testing Data - Main Agent and testing sub agent both should log testing data below this section
#====================================================================================================

user_problem_statement: |
  Build a test series web app for company with frontend in NextJS, Tailwind CSS, TypeScript and backend in NodeJS, TypeScript.
  Features needed:
  1. Admin panel for upload/edit test series 
  2. Teacher interface to upload test series and see student marks
  3. Student interface to select and give test series (like JEE Mains, CUET PG)
  Database: MongoDB
  Authentication: Simple username/password with JWT
  Test Structure: Multiple choice questions only
  Roles: Admin (full control), Teacher (own content), Student (take tests)
  Test Experience: One question per page, review/change answers, auto-submit on time expire, show results immediately

  ENHANCEMENT REQUIREMENTS:
  - Remove category and teacher selection flow for students - show all tests organized by category in header
  - Udemy-style test cards with teacher photos, ratings, and metadata
  - Category navigation showing teachers who offer tests in that category
  - Edit/delete options for teachers same as admin
  - Live preview option for teachers before test
  - Fix auto-selection issue in test questions
  - Detailed solutions after test completion showing student choice vs correct answer
  - Teachers should only see student names in results section

backend:
  - task: "User Authentication System with JWT"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Implemented JWT authentication with login/register endpoints, role-based permissions, and token verification middleware"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Fixed database name issue in .env (DB_NAME=test_series_db). Admin login working (admin/admin123), teacher/student registration working, JWT token verification working, invalid login properly rejected (401), unauthorized access properly blocked (401). All authentication flows working correctly."

  - task: "Test Series CRUD Operations"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created full CRUD API for test series management with role-based access control"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: All CRUD operations working - create, read, update, delete test series. Role-based access working correctly (students can view but not create/modify, teachers can manage their own, admins have full access). Fixed student creation restriction to return proper 403 error."

  - task: "Test Attempts and Scoring System"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Implemented test taking flow with timer, answer submission, auto-submit on timeout, and immediate scoring"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Complete test taking workflow working - start attempt, submit answers, complete test, score calculation (1/3 correct answers scored properly), attempt history retrieval, duplicate attempt prevention (returns 400 for completed tests). Auto-submit on timeout functionality verified in code."

  - task: "User Management API (Admin)"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Added user management endpoints for admin to view all users and create additional admin accounts"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: User management working correctly - admin can view all users (retrieved 8+ users), create new admin accounts, non-admin access properly restricted with 403 error. Fixed role-based access control to return proper error instead of 404."

  - task: "Analytics API"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created analytics endpoints for teachers and admins to view performance metrics"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Analytics working correctly - teachers get their test series analytics (1 test series, 1 attempt), admins get system-wide analytics (9 users, 3 test series), students properly restricted with 403 error. Fixed student access restriction."

  - task: "Database Setup with Default Admin"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/setup-admin.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created setup script and default admin user (username: admin, password: admin123)"

frontend:
  - task: "Authentication UI (Login/Register)"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Built responsive login/register form with role selection and proper error handling"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Fixed critical JavaScript error (variable shadowing in line 998). Authentication working correctly - admin login (admin/admin123) successful, student registration and login working, logout functionality working, invalid login properly rejected with 401 errors. Role-based UI elements display correctly. Alternative admin credentials (prakharshivam0@gmail.com/Admin!@Super@19892005) have authentication issues."

  - task: "Role-based Dashboard System"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created adaptive dashboard that shows different interfaces based on user role (Admin/Teacher/Student)"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Role-based dashboards working perfectly. Admin dashboard shows all 5 tabs (Dashboard, Test Series, Results, Analytics, Users), Student dashboard correctly shows only 2 tabs (Dashboard, Test Series), Teacher dashboard shows 4 tabs (no Users tab). Role badges display correctly (ADMIN, STUDENT, TEACHER). User Management tab accessible only to admins. Navigation between tabs working smoothly."

  - task: "Test Series Management Interface"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Built comprehensive test creation dialog with question management, and CRUD operations for teachers/admins"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Test series management interface working well. Test series display correctly with proper metadata (title, description, category, duration, questions count, created by). Role-based access working - students can view but not create/modify. Create Test Series dialog opens properly with all form fields. Minor: Create Test Series button visibility inconsistent in some test runs, but core functionality works when accessible."

  - task: "Student Test Taking Interface"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created full test taking experience with timer, question navigation, answer persistence, and results display"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Test taking interface implemented and functional. Students can see available test series (3 tests available), test interface loads with proper question display, timer functionality visible, answer selection working with radio buttons, submit test dialog with confirmation working, results display showing score and percentage. Navigation between questions working. Complete test-taking workflow functional from start to results display."

  - task: "Results and Analytics UI"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/page.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Implemented results viewing, performance analytics, and user management interfaces"
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "TESTED: Results and Analytics UI working correctly. Admin analytics showing system-wide stats (3 test series, 3 total attempts), User Management interface displaying all users with proper role badges and join dates, Results tab accessible to teachers and admins, Analytics tab showing performance metrics. Dashboard cards displaying correct statistics for each role. All UI components rendering properly with responsive design."

metadata:
  created_by: "main_agent"
  version: "1.0"
  test_sequence: 0
  run_ui: false

test_plan:
  current_focus: []
  stuck_tasks: []
  test_all: false
  test_priority: "high_first"

agent_communication:
  - agent: "main"
    message: "Completed initial MVP implementation with full authentication, test management, and test-taking functionality. Created comprehensive backend API with role-based access control and full-featured frontend with responsive UI. Ready for backend testing to verify all API endpoints and functionality."
  - agent: "testing"
    message: "BACKEND TESTING COMPLETE: All major backend functionality is working correctly. Fixed critical database configuration issue (DB_NAME in .env) and improved role-based access control. All API endpoints tested and verified: authentication (JWT), test series CRUD, test attempts with scoring, user management, and analytics. MongoDB connection working, data persistence verified, role-based permissions enforced. Backend is production-ready."
  - agent: "testing"
    message: "FRONTEND TESTING COMPLETE: Fixed critical JavaScript error (variable shadowing in Results component line 998). All major frontend functionality working correctly. Authentication flows tested (login/register/logout), role-based dashboards working perfectly with proper tab visibility, test series management interface functional, complete test-taking workflow operational, responsive design tested (desktop/tablet/mobile), error handling working. Alternative admin credentials (prakharshivam0@gmail.com/Admin!@Super@19892005) have authentication issues but main admin (admin/admin123) works perfectly. Application is production-ready with excellent UI/UX."
  - agent: "main"
    message: "MAJOR ENHANCEMENTS IMPLEMENTED: Added enhanced student login flow (category → teacher selection), teacher photo uploads, CSV bulk upload for test questions, password reset/forgot password functionality, fixed submit button issues, enhanced results with student details, category management system for admins. Updated both backend API and frontend UI with all requested features. Ready for comprehensive testing of new functionality."
